well I'd either have people in spell
again and we're live again for the
nighttime version of this hangout we're
gonna talk about community and survival
and all of that other good stuff we'll
run through some of the stuff that we
talked about this morning but we will
answer questions and stuff like that too
let me turn off my phone hello everybody
okay
round three yeah I guess it is round 3
because we had a technical error earlier
oh yeah I guess I'm saying morning but
it's not necessarily morning for
everyone scared I'm going probably not
well let's hope not the odds are in your
favor you know there's that all right
this is a controlled demolition of a
global economy it doesn't seem very
controlled but we'll we'll see okay so
if you're gonna be listening to this on
the podcast later the random stuff that
I'm saying those are comments coming in
via livestream chat and yeah so bear
with that or any breaks that that's me
reading it because I can't talk and read
at the same time what's on the agenda
today we are going to talk about well
we're gonna talk about a lot of the
stuff that we talked about earlier real
quick we're gonna run through that to
make sure that everybody has their
questions answered about that kind of
stuff can you do an explanation for
mutual aid for five-year-olds
yeah we talked about that later children
plays with my piles of knitting ice I'm
glad everybody seems to be in good
spirits
Trump socialist absolutely everybody's a
socialist in a disaster man do I think
that violent video games contribute to
that perceives masculinity of guns using
guns maybe but probably I think I think
there's other more important factors yes
yes today is my birthday and since I
can't drink I'm spending it with you
guys
when are we gonna talk about biscuits
and gravy okay so one of the things I
want to make sure that we talk about and
run through this real quick
I mentioned the US Army Survival Guide a
lot when people ask for what book to get
if they want to know about this stuff
this is what it looks like for you to
censor people this is not copy written
so if I open it up and show pictures
it's okay to copy written it's owned by
everybody you can download these for
free there are links floating around
where you can get it and you can
download pretty much most military
manuals that way Thank You J Graham
happy birthday Bose do you have any clue
if how he's going to enforce their new
mandate of telling people to stay home
my guess is they're gonna try it with
local law enforcement first if that
doesn't work they may bring in the
National Guard to in to assist in the
enforcement of civilian law at the
National Guard that's showing up does
not make it martial law though okay so
the reason I recommend this book and in
the in the UK or wherever else you're
watching it you make
need to get your local military's it
shows you everything that's edible it
shows you how to build shelter it shows
you how to skin animals it shows you how
to I mean everything it's not a complete
thing but if you know this you'll you'll
survive so didn't you mention you had a
bottle of Scotland's finest Langer I do
have I've got some decent scotch but I'm
gonna save that for when we're done with
this okay so no saved till next century
that's right well unless I need to start
wearing the mask which is the next thing
we're gonna talk about real quick gives
again a lot of questions about it I do
not personally think it is a time to
break this out can you tell us where to
download it again you can download that
manual if you just Google download US
Army filled manuals you'll get tons of
results archive.org I think has it there
there's a whole bunch of places
okay so gas masks I don't think we're at
this point yet but people keep asking
this is the most common one on the
market this is israeli-made this one's a
child's so it's smaller these are
normally twenty to thirty bucks right
now they're going for about 150 because
people are horrible humans and dripping
each other off over the years I've
tested out a bunch of these for people
I've only found one that had dry rot and
wouldn't hold a seal if you're gonna buy
one you have to get it test fitted to
you if you don't know how to do that
find your nearest veteran and bring a
can of air freshener and they will do it
for you you want to make sure it fits if
you have a beard like this it's not
gonna work you put on a gas mask with a
beard it's basically a sweater these
come with these filters all of these
that I have ever seen are expired all
the ones that come with these are
expired I've never seen
one that was in date however you can
pick up filters on the civilian market
so there's that the next question that
keeps coming in is how to stock up
cheaply these kits they have these at
big box stores normally they may all be
sold out right now but you can remember
this for next time because you will get
through this these are like 20 bucks
it's 48 hours for four people so that's
the least expensive way I know to do it
and these things are good for forever
this one expires doesn't even expire
it's best by May of 2014 ein any
specific masks recommendations
I like the civilian in ones 3m makes one
called a 6800 there's a bunch of
civilian options out there if you get a
civilian one you can find one that will
accept a standard NATO these type of
filters and the civilian ones that are
currently on the market these they look
little squares on the side Thank You ash
hey brother happy birthday
what a mess yeah my wife is in health
care so we're just hanging out
constantly where we are now effectively
on quarantine ourselves question case
things get out of hand can I install
m100 I will I will get back to you on
that I'll put that on Twitter or in the
comments section next time I see you
I I don't know Thank You G wolf happy
birthday
McKenzie thank you happy birthday okay
so yeah now something for health care
workers right now you're you're running
short on in 95s a lot of people have
already switched over to the bane style
half face masks but you can't find the
n95 filters this is a multi gas filter
but what matters is it's multi gas /
vapor / p100 if the number there is
above 95 you're good it's it's it's a
different rating system you can read
about it but I think P means it will
handle oily substances as well maybe it
has a longer service life something like
that what about we're Woodworking masks
a lot of woodworking masks are in 95
they'll be stamped they will be stamped
as in 95 if you're talking about the the
white ones with the rubber band on them
yeah a lot of those are in 95 masks
that's what they're that's what they're
looking for how can you tell us in 95 s
are out of date and in the situation
we're in I would if it was me I would
suggest just putting them the ones that
you think are out of date putting them
at the end of your supply because you
may need to use them anyway and even if
they're out of date they'll be better
than nothing
normally if they're sealed when they
come
most filters of any kind comes sealed if
they're still they're probably still
good as far as in 95 that's not true for
gas masks filters situational awareness
guy can you do a situational awareness
part - focusing on how it is taught to
the military and law enforcement yeah
yeah I get that out I've never come in
before but I'm honestly lost trust in
heart
process yeah I mean you know there's
that old saying it's not who those who
counts it's who counts the boats but I
haven't seen any hard evidence of that
yet it may show up make a cover for your
mass you can sterilize the cover ice I
like it
why gas masks I don't think they're I do
not think they're necessary right now
but I've been getting a whole lot of
questions about them and mainly it's a
lot like in 95s before all of this hit
when you could still buy them the same
thing is happening now these things are
not worth 150 bucks
that they're just not there if you're
gonna if you're gonna spend that much
you can you can get something better on
the civilian market stay home don't
touch it yeah stay home wash your hands
social distancing all the stuff we've
been talking about okay yeah I don't I
do not think I don't think these are
necessary and I do think it may be
overkill but I don't want to dissuade
anybody from taking any kind of
precaution
and you can have these anyway the 26 G
$2 gp5 work okay so the masks probably
will if it seals it works okay it's
really that simple
if it seals it works the filters that
typically come with the gp5 III would
get new ones and you may need to get an
adapter because the Soviets used thirty
millimeter I think and NATO is 40 so
most the ones you're gonna find our 40
millimeter but they do make adapters
that switch from 30 millimeter to 40
millimeter but yeah a lot of those and
as far as older filters go
you know these probably don't have them
in it but some of the older filters
horrible stuff in them because they were
concerned about radiation and stuff like
that they weren't necessarily they
weren't worried about you you know
kicking off in 20 years they were
worried about you going right then so
there's a lot of stuff in there you
probably don't want to be breathing in
anyway definitely get new ones too many
negative waves you will survive yes yes
probably and just just keep that
attitude does China still make the
gasket and sills or did Avon get I don't
know um probably a bar I would guess I
don't know why they I don't know why
that happened to begin with yeah okay
the homeless situation is going to be is
gonna be pretty severe I would think
because they don't have any of the any
of the normal things that they can fall
back on not just as are there no people
around restaurants aren't gonna be open
that that's gonna be severe how long
until we get to martial law I don't
think we're going to martial law I did a
video on that martial law real martial
law is an incredibly extreme measure I
think you may see national guard show up
and help out but that's not martial law
martial law means that that the division
commander the company commander whoever
is in charge of that area is literally
the law whatever they say goes I don't I
don't see that happening I would be very
surprised if it did you
just take this one day at a time stay at
home if you can I'm hearing within 72
hours we will be on national lockdown I
haven't heard that and lockdown is gonna
mean different things in different areas
you know if you're in a major city where
they're really concerned you're probably
gonna have patrols I mean out here it's
not really gonna be a thing so there's
that one of the other questions and I
had them here was the discussion about
ibuprofen and acetaminophen is what we
call it here and now I'm drawing a blank
on what they call it in Europe for
cinema so the Europeans have basically
said not to use ibuprofen there's
already people saying that that's not
true and going back and forth whatever
acetaminophen tylenol will work what
they're recommending what we call it
acetaminophen here percent of all yeah
percent of all so it's not that you
can't find it it's that you're asking or
you're looking for the wrong name we
just call it acetaminophen here I know
that there's a debate on that as far as
whether or not the stuff about ibuprofen
is true as far as I'm concerned if it's
a risk and you have a viable alternative
I wouldn't take the risk that's just
where I'm at
okay any suggestions for good emergency
radio are you talking about listening or
are you talking about broadcasting if
you're talking about broadcasting
I always liked bail Fung like as far as
for something cheap and accessible
because they're they're manufactured in
China they they don't have a lot of the
things that govern they don't have a lot
of the features that the FCC would like
which means understand you need a
license to use them and you know don't
don't break the law with it because they
have more wattage than they're supposed
to and a whole bunch of other things
Cobra
yeah Cobra is a good brand if we're
still talking about radios Channel 15 on
your CB is very entertaining gotta go
back down to my college three hours away
by car to grab some stuff at work I I
don't know that their get they're gonna
do much about the interstates just yet
because that's gonna slow down trucking
and they're not gonna want to do that
right now if they have any brains at all
that's gonna be one of the last things
they do we don't want to interfere with
our transportation right now and yeah
that is a good point
ibuprofen is the main one but this
actually applies to all in sets like
naproxen for example which is basically
long lasting ibuprofen but it applies to
all hence Ed's which is non steroid
anti-inflammatory I meant to look that
up earlier okay
the MT in Milwaukee for ten years this
is a nightmare scenario yeah yeah this
is the this is bad but we'll see how bad
soon we may have been able to flatten
the curve we don't know we're not going
to know until the surge hits right now
everybody is operating under under the
worst-case scenario and and that's what
everybody should be doing but well we'll
see let's see how it works out maybe we
were good at social distance it doesn't
appear like we were but maybe we were
and we'll see when I'm president I hope
to do streams like this it's like a
fireside chat I foresee looting now I
mean you know you're saying if it goes
on long enough if it goes on long enough
yeah but I I would hope that that
doesn't happen it's not something that I
am incredibly concerned about at the
moment it depends on how long it goes on
Florida Spring Break yes and Florida man
has finally decided to close the beaches
literally the mayor from Jaws keeping
the beaches open we're gonna do
something on EDC yeah glad you said that
because I completely forgot a lot of
people have been asking about EDC kits
because all of a sudden everybody's
interested in this stuff with good
reason
an EDC kit is everyday carry this is one
that's actually based on mine that TFC
gave away years ago
now what it is the idea is to have
something small enough to put in your
pocket or your purse or wherever that
gives you the basic tools that you need
if you combine this with knowing what's
in this you're gonna be alright
in most situations this one has never
been open it still has the TFC stickers
so what these are common things that are
in most of them and you have a little
compass you have strain for making
snares you have literally hook line and
sinker this is a little multi-tool that
also has a flashlight pocket knife stuff
like that on it
there's a whistle I don't know why I
mean I know why if you're lost it's a
signalling tool and all of that but it's
one that I have never actually seen used
anywhere firestarters
just in case if you ever run across
these and you need to use it it's really
just you scrape it and you get a spark I
don't know if that's showing up that one
probably did and you can use it to start
fires this is a handsaw or Bharat water
purification tablets that that's exactly
what it looks like it's an applicator
list tampon there's a whole bunch of
suggested uses for it the reason it's in
here is because it makes a good kindling
you can separate it out and then a
survival card has a whole bunch of
little different nifty things for hex
wrenches and a little saw of stuff to
scale fish all of that stuff so the idea
is if you have something like this
you'll be prepared and you can use this
too
to help in a worst case scenario this is
more for people who are either extremely
prepared and have a bug-out bag and have
all of that stuff already and they want
something that they can have on them all
the time or it's for those people who
would prefer to have the bare minimum
they need it all in one spot either
reason is a good reason to have it in my
opinion
Thank You Tamra's did you hear about
that really well sight making test that
should be available by Monday the 23rd I
did not I haven't heard that yet so you
can put these together yourself
and I think they're probably a good idea
for most people to have now when you're
talking about this just possessing this
doesn't mean anything you had to have
the skills to go with it so download
that book read the book rubber band
brick and remember when you're talking
about survival and you're talking about
prepping in general knowledge weighs
nothing
the more skills you have the more you
learn about it the more ways you learn
to do without certain things and
improvise it the less stuff you have to
carry and that's always a good
can you teach your audience about I try
to leave Theory off the channel as much
as possible but that may be something
that comes up at some point in the
practical application which book this
one the US Army Survival Guide filled
manual SOF M 2176
where there's a bunch of G Wolf thank
you what happens when the Republicans
run to the left of Democrats on this
pandemic just to save their own butts in
the market we rejoice and remember it
you know it is true everybody becomes a
leftist in an
emergency because it is only through
cooperation that we get anywhere what
year is this one this is from 1970 you
make me a survival kit I'll pay there
are companies out there that do that I
actually thought about doing this again
for patreon but they're they're very
time intensive
you know wrapping up 1,500 little hooks
and sinkers and fishing line that's a
lot of time I try to come up with
something similar let's see the SAS
handbook is very good is very good that
is definitely what I have it somewhere
that's a good one and then there's a
book last ditch medicine which is also
very it's it's worth having for the
absolute worst case scenarios if you
don't have any kind of medical training
whatsoever it you may have to brush up
on some basic principles first but that
that's invaluable what book is that
again last-ditch medicine I think is the
name of it hang on or if you're talking
about this one it is a US Army Survival
Guide there you can download them for
free there there's no copyright on them
and they are just they give you a really
good base of knowledge
see you for some reason I'm not seeing
the book
I'll find the book and put it in the
comment section after this or let it
scroll through I'm sure it'll show up
okay in aliens I think we would be I
think we'd be pretty arrogant to believe
we are the only form of intelligent life
in the entire universe yeah
so my my I'm wondering if there's
actually filter if you if you're talking
about the one I think you're talking
about has the hose coming off the front
of it and if that's 40 millimeter or
something that can be adapted to 40
millimeter maybe yeah it might be able
to do it I'm not sure I'm gonna have to
look
do I have any fun nonsurvival book
suggestions for the time spit
I don't know I'm one of those people I
read anything like lately I've been on a
Bernard say the name wrong again Bernard
Cornwell Cromwell for a while
thank corn well kick he does a lot of
historical fiction and that those are
pretty good
Tim Dorsey is always entertaining it
depends on your humor if you're looking
for fiction and don't forget about
LibriVox Li be rivo X it's an app you
get audiobooks on your phone or you can
actually get I think they have hard
copies too from a similar thing
[Laughter]
I am NOT a fan of that cookbook to be
honest I've had a little bit of training
in and things that go boom
there are some critical errors in that
book ones that I would not want to make
so that is not one I recommend if you're
looking for something like that get a
film get an Army Field Manual those are
downloadable - oddly enough since you
have a platform can you please explain
that people just need to rethink needs
and create new ways to make money
selling home grow feed babysitting
shopping for elder without being greedy
yeah I mean that's that's kind of my
channel that's a big part of it
now's a good time to read some Vonnegut
and hikers Guide to the galaxy these are
all good yeah you have a neighbor who's
a police officer talking about this
martial law theory this is an
exaggeration a cop wouldn't know
anything about martial law that's that's
the that's the part that like if martial
law is enacted civilian police are
literally subservient to military police
they're they're under the subordinate I
guess it would be the proper term
they're under them if martial law is
enacted your cop buddy will find out
when the MPS show up and say hey this is
now our command center it's it's a
incredibly extreme measure if things got
out of hand I could see them doing it on
a localized level in in in really bad
situations but as far as that being like
a nationwide thing or even a regional
thing statewide thing I don't see it we
don't have the troops for it is another
thing we literally don't have the
manpower to do it I did a I did a video
on this where I break down the numbers
of
it would require to enact that
nationwide in the United States we do
not have the numbers even if we bring up
all of the National Guard and all of the
reservists and bring everybody home from
overseas we don't have the numbers so I
don't I don't foresee that being a real
thing how about that's happening as far
as medical units being activated that
they are starting to do that and those
units that specialize in this topic
they're starting to show up they're
starting to be mustered and I can see
that occurring in large numbers do I
think that 3% of types are going to jump
the gun with the National Guard shows up
to help and that's a worry that's
actually why I made that last of the the
the video I made about it that that's
why I made it my concern is that you
know some bio specialists or you know
National Guard showing up to help with
infrastructure leads to people thinking
that the UN is invading or something
that is my concern and I I really hope
it doesn't happen so we'll we'll see I'm
I'm watching people lately kind of
freaked out and I'm a little concerned
to be honest and do you know any of the
of the Field Manual with a pictures in
color I think there were some made in
the 90s maybe 80s that had like a center
section that was color see tell you one
of the things that that I've heard about
recently and this is as somebody with a
big family this was something that
caught my attention people who have
large families getting yelled at for
panic by when it's just their normal the
third normal shopping trip so try to
keep that in mind any tips on how to
fence you live in Italy I would use
sprays if they're available there I'm
not sure if they are a French helicopter
was spotted over the UK it's worth of
course I can promise you the French
we're not gonna be invading anybody
anytime soon that's that's not on their
list of to-do list
yeah but the guy that bought thousands
in hand sanitizer yeah yeah I don't have
many nice words for him wasp spray
that's not something I would recommend
because it can be permanently disabling
and that's probably not something he
would want to do and probably illegal
but there but wasp spray is probably
available and that should be scary you
know so definitely don't do that
Thank You Daniel Daniel what does a
stay-at-home order mean it's going to
vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction I
think in larger cities it will be more
strictly enforced than out in the
country again it has to do with
resources the county that I'm in I think
if they had all the cops on at one time
they might have like 25 so there's no
way to actually enforce it out here in
larger cities they may be a little bit
more strict Thank You Alden home defense
table leg Edition now from what I
understand that guy in Tennessee I think
it was with all the hand sanitizer he he
didn't wind up donating it but I also
think the Attorney General kind of made
him because Tennessee is one of the
states that has laws about that sort of
thing
thank you I'm Supes a lot yeah cops and
military will get sick too that's trip
you know I've got we were talking about
the fact in the earlier livestream that
a lot of people who do take emergency
preparedness seriously like very
seriously they've been really validated
the last couple of weeks I got a buddy
who had to supply a local sheriff's
department not this county but one
over within ninety five masks because
they didn't have any at all
that's something they should have in
their first responder kit but apparently
they didn't have any so this local
prepper supplied them Sheriff's
Department has an armored personnel
carrier and everybody has em force but
they don't have in ninety five masks so
see what's a skill I find difficult to
acquire I don't know I mean I I I'm a
humanities person you know a lot of
times when my son comes to me with
questions about science unless it's
within certain specific fields that I
had to study and really had to put
effort into I said to his mom should
medical staff sanitize and reuse PPE I I
don't know I am NOT that's gonna have to
be done on a facility by facility basis
that that would be unless they have the
specifically route reusable kind I would
really hope that there's another
alternative because it is all of that
becomes dangerous when you're talking
about the the thin and for those
watching ppes like the protective
equipment that you get if you're talking
about that then plastic stuff I would be
really worried about sanitizing it and
how effective it is but again that's not
my area of expertise and I would hope
but I would hope there's an alternative
but if push comes to shove you do what
you do I mean you do whatever you can I
mean you know I'm sitting here earlier
saying that this is expired but I still
have it just in case if I ever needed
one this would be the last one I'd use
but it's here for an absolute worst-case
scenario Thank You Tamara I bought
charcoal masks before this got started -
about charcoal masks before this got
started to use while flying my brother
is fragile
would that work to protect me if we ran
outside okay charcoal filters it's not I
don't know that it's going to filter
down to the level that it would need to
you're looking for in 95 or above so
that number 95 would be stamped on it
somewhere for it to be effective but
anything is better than nothing
thank you shiny dark Oh
I'm really interested in a wide variety
of topics and going to college soon how
should I know it down this ranges from
anthropology to okay so every guidance
council in the world is gonna send me
hate mail but your first two years of
college you'll figure it out take
classes don't make the experience so
much about getting the degree is about
learning what you want to learn about if
evolutionary biology is something that
you're interested in you think you may
be interested in take a few classes you
may decide that that's not for you you
know there was a time when I wanted to
be a history teacher and then I actually
spent time around you know high school
kids I want to do that for her so have I
ever run into any of my viewers yeah a
few times it's it's normal it's well
it's always been a pleasant experience
but sometimes in the beginning it's it's
a little it's a little weird the
strangest was when I was walking out of
a bathroom and somebody was like hey
I've been watching you I was like well
that's that's unnerving it took me a
minute to realize what they were saying
and I mean but I it so it's always been
fun it's it doesn't happen too often but
it has happened a few times
California just got word a stay-at-home
yeah that's probably gonna happen
I think we're gonna see a lot of that a
lot of that a lot of in a lot of major
cities specifically do you think Saudi
Arabia is in cahoots with Russia to
cause market chaos no cuz it's gonna hit
their market - this is way bigger than
than any one nation this is gonna be a
big deal so I don't all of this stuff
happened at the same time you know the I
did a video talking about Humpty Dumpty
and kind of explain how it worked in the
u.s. a lot of other countries had
happened the same way there were a bunch
of factors and they all collided at once
and it brought us to this mess Thank You
New York gorilla thank you for your
continued service both at New York City
feeling ominous for a few days
much worse than post not only yeah I can
believe that I can believe that the
enemy here is different you know a lot
of ways in September of 2001 we rallied
together and here the enemy is unseen
and it's it's fear more than anything
and it's hard to rally rally with
somebody when you're afraid to get near
them
capitalism got us here cooperation at
least creates less chance that that's
true fact as a grocery store worker I
never realized how much I would be
needed until this world yeah that's one
good thing that is coming out of this
you know there's there's been a lot over
the last few years and this is actually
going back since I was a kid you know go
to college or you'll have to do that
that doesn't really encourage people to
go to college it encourages people to
devalue labor and in in in our world
everybody's job is important we don't
have a functioning society if you take
away any profession things fall apart
its dominoes yeah grocery workers are
incredibly important you know we need to
eat you know but the way our country
values labor it shows that it's not
necessarily valued at the way it should
be
thank you John what are the symptoms
okay so what all the medical people have
told me and I have asked this over and
over again and see only it is the only
question that I get the same answer to
from everybody you have fever you have
coffee the coffee creates a sore throat
those you can manage at home go to the
doc if you have shortness of breath so
difficulty breathing or you become hard
to arouse meaning hard to wake up and
not just like me when I wake up in the
morning and I'm groggy and grumpy but it
becomes difficult for you to come out of
your dream state you don't really
don't wake up the way you normally do
those are the concerns and that's the
literally it's the only question that
I've asked that I get the same answers
to did I already talk about growing a
garden I have not but yeah we can talk
about that grow garden absolutely
I'm if you're frequent to this channel
you know I'm about to say plant fruit
trees because they're low maintenance
and they produce they produce food do
you think we should think about boarding
windows now I don't I'm not worried
about civil unrest I don't see that
happening I mean it could it depends on
how long this goes on but at this moment
I don't I don't I don't foresee that and
okay and okay so this is a this is
something that's coming up a lot whether
or not to let your fever rot I'm not a
doctor okay I am NOT a doctor
my advice is always when it comes to
medical anything medical follow the
advice and the directions of the medical
professional who is seeing you because
that person knows your case history now
there is a very prominent doctor on
YouTube somebody who I watch and look to
for advice because it's always pretty
good who is advising to let your fever
run within a certain temperature and
control it if it gets above that
that's probably what I would do but I'm
not a medical professional follow the
advice of the medical professionals you
are seeing in the United States
apparently the magic number is 101.4
when it gets above 101.4 they medicate
you if you are in a hospital but so it
gives the fever a little bit of room to
do what it's supposed to but they don't
let it get too high they start managing
it
it also fever also makes you
uncomfortable so that's something that
everybody is going to have to determine
for themselves but my advice when it
comes to anything like this is always
follow the medical advice of the person
you're saying they know more than
anybody on the Internet's going to they
have your case history thoughts on price
gouging during times of crisis one of
I'll tell you this I laughed I laughed
really really hard when I found out that
somebody who had been taking MREs after
Michael taking them from up here and
selling them to people in Panama City
who didn't have transportation is the
the National Guard was giving them away
up here never take him to down to Panama
City and selling him to people who
didn't have transportation and I loved
the fact that somebody just beat him
into the ground I'll be honest it's not
something I would advise but I there is
some kind of karmic justice when you try
to exploit people like that and and and
fake catches up to you
just smoke and chill shouldn't smoke you
shouldn't be smoking right now make
brownies or whatever it is but don't
smoke eat it I don't think the
postponing in our election and is
something that's gonna happen but and
also so we have continuity of government
plans and Trump doesn't stay president
if we don't have an election we actually
have plans for this and I the last
person that I saw that went through and
really kind of narrowed it down and
followed the procedures all the way down
it's a Senator Leahy a Democrat who
would become president because the terms
for four years
it's not until the next election so
anyway like there's a there's a
secession of government plan but if
there's no election Pelosi wouldn't be
in office either there you know and it
would go down so I believe it is Senator
Leahy who ends up president in that
scenario thank you for the birthday
wishes Thomas first
see the thing about Mitt Romney having a
secret Twitter where he defended himself
in flame wars no but I mean that's like
the least scandalous thing that I've
heard come out of DC in a long time
I believe it's Leahy because that
election is at a different time he's the
most senior person or he becomes the he
becomes the Senate Majority Leader and
because the with the elections going out
the Republicans would actually lose the
house if there weren't a lie or the
Senate elections weren't held I need one
so I control trolls in my comment
section I need to start doing that tips
on staying active during lockdown two
things one you had to stay physically
active so do your honey-do list you know
do all the stuff around the house you've
been meaning to do and then you you if
you can't do that you know calisthenics
push-ups sit-ups the normal stuff and
then you also need to stay mentally
active and and don't just sit around and
watch TV or me on youtube built a new
enclosure for your geckos that's cool
as it hit prisons yet I've seen reports
of a couple of guards testing positive
which means probably now one of the
things they are doing mark ruffalo yes
good time to study a foreign language
absolutely one of the things they are
doing in a lot of jails is nonviolent
offenders oh they're going home they're
just bye have a nice day because they
don't want to deal with it and I think
that's a smart move painted the ceiling
today thank you shiny dark oh yeah I
have I've fixed the the gutters on the
house that have actually been damaged
since Michael I never got up there and
did it I've done a lot of work around
the house in the last few days and all
of which I said I told my wife I was
like oh these are all day projects but I
got like six of them done she's like
well you know no distractions I guess I
did not get a peel box I've been meaning
to and then like this whole thing
happened I didn't I I know I have
somebody who's gonna send me church that
are really really cool and I want to
wear up on the channel but I haven't got
the the appeal box yet do it yourself
cost
hundred thousand hospital visits per
year in the UK I believe your co-workers
still think it's a hoax can I tweet some
pics of my dogs yeah yeah he's sleeping
again you know it's fine
maybe people asked about that in the
livestream earlier and he was actually
in the exact same spot my husky is the
most lazy dog any book recommendations
yeah I mean I have just so y'all know
how I actually have a book list on
Amazon there's a bow the Fifth Column
store
I don't ever promote it because I have
some issues with some of the things that
Amazon does it's it's I'm very
conflicted about it it was a really easy
way to put the book list together but
once it got time to actually promote it
I'm like no no never mind
he isn't lazy he's waiting for work
that's true it kind of is he's he's
alright I mean but I've got one dog that
is like Raptor smart you know like
problem-solving smart and then I have
destro who is he's sweet he's a good dog
but he's not what I would call smart
wait am I gotta write a book maybe now I
mean they have time to do it
see Goodreads is a good site for doing
book lists I will look into that I
thought that was like did quotes they
had like I'll take a look let's see all
dogs are good fact fact normally when a
dog is bad people are blaming the wrong
end of the leash Goodreads is owned by
Amazon really is that you just messing
with me have you ever considered
braiding your beard I have before
actually make an effective mask I mean
if you had the material yeah but that's
there's a lot to it and I'm not I'm not
even sure what type you're talking about
the answer is the same to those there's
a lot to it because it has to fit right
and it has to have the of the Vikings
it has to fit right and it has to be the
right material has to seal what do I
think of Lindsey Graham I don't like
very many senior politicians
I think what's good read really is owned
by Amazon before
Thank You Sara Washington braids the
beard so any video that I regret making
there's something I wish I had been more
clear on or phrase things a little
differently but I don't I don't think
anybody expects me to be you know bright
or completely explain everything that
I'm thinking all the time so I don't
know that I have any that I regret
making I do wish that I hadn't have
played the accent up so much in the
beginning because I go back and listen
to him now and I'm like man I was laying
it on thick create a list of PTSD
treatments yeah so the best combination
that I'm aware of is a substance that's
currently not available in Florida but
it's available in Colorado and puppies
dogs though that's the most effective
thing that I have seen for people you
know and I wish that that research had
about a little sooner how long have I
been growing my beard I I cut it and let
it grow and cut it and let it grow I've
had one a very very very long time I'm
one of those people that if I were to
shave I would have a beard like this and
like maybe a month I get five o'clock
shadow it
I don't know if it's medically available
here it's not day uh and this might
surprise people it's not a substance
that I use don't shave if if you see me
shave this you can assume that things
have gotten really bad let's see oh that
was another question that came up as far
as those suffering from the toilet paper
shortage yeah you can use napkins wipes
all that stuff but don't flush them
you'll tear up plumbing if it gets to
the treatment center it can it may end
up having sending a technician down
which puts them at risks so you know put
it in a put it in a bag throw it outside
you know sill it up so it doesn't smell
this PTSD give you a neat day-to-day
problem me not anymore yeah another were
there there was a time when I would have
said no had you asked me then but
looking back oh yeah do you have any
tips for starting something like a calm
you know it could be done you'd have to
do the food forests real tight there
there's a whole bunch two YouTube
channels about that specific topic food
forests and you'd be amazed when you can
get out of like 1/8 of an egg
you know here we have and we don't have
five acres here and we have apples and
pears and nectarines and oranges and
lemons and loquat and kumquat you can
you can put a lot on five acres just see
the size of that mosquito they just flew
here pterodactyl subscribe to The
Washington Post not that I'm aware of
any books on that food force I have one
I think it's called
the hot ones grow grow your lawn
something like that but I the YouTube
videos are much much better because you
you physically get to see how they
arrange it and basically your gardening
by the square edge is what it really
boils down to you're making sure you
plant stuff together that complements
each other you know Thank You sandy
what do I think is going to change in
the u.s. when we get through this I
would hope that people understand that
those on the bottom need health care you
know that people need basic people need
to have their needs met I would hope
that that comes out of this I don't know
if it's going to but that's what I would
hope it would come that's what I hope
will come out of it it's showing a whole
lot of people who didn't care of those
care about those with no health
insurance that their health insurance
doesn't mean anything if the people
around them don't have it and they can't
get checked and they can't stay healthy
so we're only safe is the least insured
yeah a society is judged by how it
treats its less fortunate least
fortunate thank you are the worst stuff
I've ever done I might keep that to
myself this is gonna be terrible for the
homeless part it is the they're going to
get hit harder than just about anybody
for a whole bunch of reasons I I think
that where there's there's not just are
they going to suffer during the lockdown
they're going to suffer because they're
not going to get the medical treatment
they need it's gonna be really bad thank
you Lisa
by bar soap for food banks yeah that
would help a lot is that a mural behind
oh yeah somebody honest about that in
the last livestream
I don't do live streams in the shop
because the shops too far away the Wi-Fi
doesn't really reach this is a backdrop
I wanted something that was easily
noticeable because I look like every
other redneck on the Internet learn to
make soap Fight Club California says it
will house all homeless that would be
nice oh it's a lot yeah it is are we
headed towards another Great Depression
I don't know I think we may be going
towards depression so you have a
recession and then depression a
depression really only means a longer
session but it depends on it really
depends on how deep it goes is gonna be
the concern we may go into a depression
but it not be a horrible thing at least
not at least not in comparison of what
we're thinking you know what we have to
compare it to
really concerned or really torn between
volunteering at a food bank and trying
to stay home and flatten the curve yeah
I'm I'm dealing with the same thing like
I know now I I got to stay here I'm done
I can't do anything more but I can't
really do any more in the local area and
I need to say home but there's also a
part of me that I really feel like I
should be out doing something thank you
John
should we were trained from handling
cash from the store other sources cash
is dirty I mean money is dirty I I mean
is but I don't know that it's any I
don't know that it's any more dirty than
putting your garden and then touching
the same thing keys that everybody
else's touch there there's a lot of risk
at the moment with going out or you just
turn your cash Sara okay wash your hands
wash your hands constantly
do you think your money is safe in the
banks yeah I do
so it's insured and at the moment we
need to remember that if a lot of the
stuff that is protecting us right now
has nothing to do with protecting us it
has to do with protecting the wealthy do
you think the US government is going to
let the super wealthy lose their money
in a bank probably not so that that
helps us in that regard right that's you
know William Logan that's that's a
really good point
we are the stock market is back where it
was in 2016 it's not to downplay the
losses that people suffered yeah
people suffered losses but it's a we're
not collapsing at the moment it's a
crash it's not the end of society invest
in gold would have been a good time to
invest in gold a while ago now it's
gonna be high I would assume that's
normally how it works maybe silver maybe
silver
yeah the you know Trump everybody said
the entire time the Trump was making a
huge mistake by taking credit for the
economy because a you know he didn't
really do it it was a continuation of
the same trend that started under the
previous administration aside from that
you if you take credit for it when it's
good you have to accept responsibility
for it when it goes bad I mean normal
humans do Trump will find a way to talk
his way out of it two senators owned
stocks after private Corona watt is the
very definition of insider trading right
the stock market is a poor indicator for
the middle and poor yeah I don't judge
the economy by the stock market and the
fact is we were in a good place if we
just shut down and then come back it'd
be we should pop back pretty quickly
that's I think the longer they delay the
worse it's gonna get and I think the end
result here is is needing to shut down
for twenty one day it's 30 days
something like that a 1.5 million
dollars so Wow Wow
yeah that's and I'm assuming this is now
public now
what kind of music do you like I like
all music I wrote you know everybody
says says that I really do and I have no
shame with it I will listen to Steve
Earle and then Britney Spears
I do not care and then okay so another
question I was getting today was when
we're doing the next movie the live
stream I'm not sure might do one tonight
and then there's a thing on Netflix
there's a extension for Google Chrome
that allows everybody to be in a chat
together rather than meet live streaming
and talking throughout the whole movie
there would be a chat going on so you
guys let me know what rappers do I enjoy
him
am i a snow the product DMX brother Ali
like the more political stuff mostly
what's my favorite album of all time I
don't I do not have one I really don't
I'm not a big Pink Floyd guy
oh yeah traje of course range of course
that's doing that thing or just running
through a whole bunch of comments at
once Ramones Aerosmith yeah like they're
there you forgot him I existed that's
that's what we're fine
yeah I like Leonard Cohen as well in
fact there's there are some there are
some of my videos well you will hear
lines from his his songs in it yeah it's
not that I dislike Pink Floyd but I
don't
Miles Davis immortal technique yeah yeah
I'm not joking when I say I've listened
to pretty much when I listen to pretty
much everything are encamps just right
wingers hey I was the cool kids my momma
my thought on that is after talking to a
whole lot of them who describe
themselves as ant gaps most art most are
mutualists have never read any theory
they don't know what they are now there
there are a group of and Capps who are
really just looking at carve out there a
little fiefdom but most I have found if
you actually sit down and talk to them
there they want the market to address
social issues but they actually
genuinely do want the market to address
the social issues it's not just a
cop-out now some are except for I'm not
even saying her name yeah that would be
a good example of a if somebody wants to
hang out with cool kids
Netflix party is the name of that so I'm
gonna try to get that stuff and solve
and see how that works out
yeah you know there are times when I see
people talk about I almost feel bad like
mad oh yeah there oh there are a lot
that are crypto fashion a lot and you
know we're losing part of the audience
here it's like what are they saying you
know I had somebody asked me about the
color codes that I use the other day why
did YouTube unsubscribe me from the
channel it's happened I've had a lot of
people say that I think it has to do
with interaction I think if you don't
interact enough they unsubscribe you I
don't know I'm not really sure how that
works
have you ever considered starting a
discord server for the channel we have
one that is like the only patreon like
exclusive thing that we have haha
I don't want to put any content behind a
paywall so it's been really hard for me
to come up with stuff for the people who
are contributing who are the people who
allow a whole lot of stuff to happen
behind the scenes
thank you Sarah
what was that I just saw like a serious
question everyone is saying the actions
we take now will be saving lives later
will we all be laying a ton of judgment
upon each other and those in power after
the pen down oh yeah absolutely
that's why I'm not too concerned about
the the bumps that the Trump is getting
and he's you know taking his victory
laps and everything because at the end
of the day this is going to come out a
lot of the stuff that he didn't do
initially is going to come out and again
a lot of this is planned we've had these
plans for a very very long time and
thank you cloud minded the next epic rap
battle should be in the gold the first
that would be fantastic I love that
Thank You sandy have you done much
traveling overseas yeah yeah oh boy be
radcliffe okay so here's a funny thing I
have never said the a word on this
channel I've never said it and thank you
combustible and I will I will
I'm familiar with kill killer Mike yeah
I actually I talked about the ideas and
I talked about the principles so much so
that people are surprised at times when
they realize you can go through however
many 600 videos there are you won't find
that word I don't say it because there
are a whole lot of people know it's not
about monetization there's a whole lot
of people who are afraid of that word
they hear that word and they associated
with with chaos and riots a lot of
Americans really don't know that there's
a there's a very developed philosophy
behind it and it's not Mike makes right
which is what it has kind of become
synonymous with in the u.s. so I just
avoid the word if you sit there and you
talk about it and you talk about the
ideas well most people in the US are
like yeah especially those in the south
because that's kind of how we're brought
up and but when you say that word all of
a sudden people people get a little
unnerved by it yeah socialism is another
word it's not quite as bad though it
doesn't have quite as bad arap yeah
anarchy Mad Max is the the first thing
that people think of so thank you Monica
you won't know if we overreacted but we
will know if we under reacted it will be
a parent but too late yeah I did I did
just say it didn't I'm not joking I will
have Kerry edit that out
[Laughter]
the yeah if and that's the thing if we
have successfully flatten the curve and
we don't see a huge surge there's gonna
be a whole bunch of people running
around saying oh see we told you it was
a hoax blah blah blah blah and they're
only gonna be alive because we did it
but ah I don't think that we started
soon enough so I don't I don't think
that's going to be an issue
now the a word is not America yeah it is
it is a lot like vaccines in in that
regard we are underprepared we are and I
do believe that we under reacted and I
think we're gonna see that pretty
quickly I am trying to keep track but
now that I'm not leaving I'm losing
track of the days I think we're only
four days out five days out from when
the the surge of cases is supposed to
hit so we'll know that Bernie should
have called himself a social democrat
yes he should have absolutely absolutely
not just because avoiding the word but
also because that's what he really is
like as far as his policies go
I should watch gremlins to the boxer
here it's okay this time you know we
have we have a mod that they can help
that cos man that was killing me earlier
if Bernie was smart he would have called
it a nordic capitalist nice
do I avoid swearing in real life we're
just yeah I'm an ex contractor I guess
all the time I just don't do it in
videos I there are times when I don't
feel that it's appropriate I don't do it
in public I do that a mom I talked I
tend to only talk that way around other
people from that from that community
yeah and I did I try to keep it family
friendly on this channel as much as
humanly possible given the topics that
we discuss Song of the South lyrics
randomly appear in the comment section
that's the video that contract you'd
probably never that's a you know that's
a topic that comes up a lot of people
ask about it I don't want to encourage
people to go do it
so what it really boils down to so you
know I get I get a lot of questions
about that in messages you know and I I
try not to answer or give this vague
answers as possible about how to get
started doing that and it's because it
all sounds good until later you know
how many deaths expected the numbers
that I have seen have run from 200
thousand to six million the models it
all depends on how well we flatten the
curve and how well we keep it contained
that's I mean that's what it boils down
to
you
say
shelter-in-place now
that looked like a good question that I
lost it something I California getting
up there it is oh and it's gone again
here we go I love California
shelter-in-place now Newsom said he has
the ability of martial law how would he
enforce it how likely is in what exactly
does it mean I heard that I'm fairly
certain he's talking about having the
National Guard come out and enforce the
current laws on the books
that's not martial law that's a state of
emergency in which the National Guard is
activated declaring Martial Law is a
huge thing that means all laws as you
know them they don't matter what matters
is whatever the commander of the the
military in your area says that's the
law and he can change it she can change
it at whim that is a crazy step and we
have a whole lot of alternatives to that
I just I don't see that being just I've
answered that way before
flashy powers I have I've told people
that but then they get all bad so degree
in construction management do you think
we can take advantage of this disruption
to the status quo to advance a word
absolutely all of these community level
networks that are occurring right now
yeah dad's we just need to keep them in
place we need to keep on place we need
to work to to get it to stay in place
how do you get through to friends who
are taking this seriously I don't know I
don't know I've got a couple I've got a
couple that that you know still just
aren't getting it oh it's the flu it's
the flu there's only so far you can go
to each doctor
thanks for the bids they're comforted
comforting any advice on dealing with
being a progressive in a conservative
area people ignore it is what it is I
would try to appeal to what they they
filler their core beliefs because the
reality is Trump doesn't his actions
don't appeal to what most conservatives
believe if if they would focus on his
actions rather than his rhetoric and
quote owning the libs they'd hate him I
don't know how to get people to do that
to be honest if I did I'd be out doing
that March babies will definitely be we
are ten days behind Italy
alcohol no no don't drink right now no
it hurts your immune system now if that
was about actually using it to clean
with yeah it does
[Music]
in fact the hand sanitizer that the hand
sanitizer most most that is alcohol if I
had to put a label all my political
beliefs the a word without adjectives no
I'm definitely not safe to drink have
you ever done any home brewing only in
states where it's legal
I don't think that people need to pull
their money out of the bank I mean you
should always have some cash on hand but
I don't I don't see the bank's going
down your money's insured if the banks
go down the least that the last thing
you're gonna have to worry about it's
not having cash if the banks go down
that cash there's gonna be worthless
anyway who are in grade school in
September I don't know I don't have a
lot of experience with that I don't know
many people who were in grade school
then I think that they they're probably
handling it better than most I think
that maybe part of the reason why we
aren't we aren't getting the the right
response from those who were born after
they're not taking it seriously I think
maybe because they haven't experienced
real traumatic events yet
airway clearance when will sports come
back out on him considering the
situation
sure wife okay stressed stressed but I
mean it's what she signed up for you
know she stressed but at the same time
she's one of those she lives it's it's
weird
Sports will of course come back yeah at
some point brick-and-mortar schools our
history maybe maybe you know I know the
Florida right now is trying to work out
a way to do everything online and if
that's the case and they're they're able
to do that and they're do it
successfully I don't see that why they
would bring back the overhead yes she's
definitely in her element this is yeah
the trained for this type of thing
thoughts on Florida beaches becoming
hotspots they probably did they probably
were they're closing them now they are
shutting them down now a lot of uptick
and anti-anxiety meds
I can definitely believe that I could
see that coming break down the trash bag
technique oh yeah I was actually told I
did not explain that well okay so a
solar shower is it's literally a bag
thank you thank you oops Ilan isn't
funny that getting the one fever isn't
the planets responding like a game about
it yeah so the solar shower it's
literally a black bag sometimes clear on
one side they'd holds water the black
absorbs the heat from the Sun warms the
water on the inside so if you have like
a yard the black trash bags that are
your you know for your yard you can use
those you just fill it up halfway and
hang it in the Sun it will heat the
water you know that this works better in
places where it's warm obviously I know
that there is AB north it's still pretty
cold so and then wow man that comment
sections getting awfully subversive real
quick
and they oh and then to get the water to
come out you should poke a hole in it at
the bottom and it will come out you have
warm running water and then you can just
wait for the bag you know wait for the
all the water to come out the bag you
can tie it and use the trash bag as
trash bag and then get another bag to
set up the next shower sorry
just gone quiet
Divac curtain so I do yeah
you think there will be a medicine
shortage depending on the kind depending
on what kind of medicine you're talking
about it's gonna take a lot of ramped up
production for some of this stuff like
there already is a shortage for some but
again if we you as long as everybody
stays calm and the government even
responds in a semi decent manner a lot
of these problems should work themselves
out pretty quickly the key thing here is
for us staying calm
when I my post on the other channel
anymore
oh well there's some news that's
actually gonna be revamped pretty much
completely so it's gonna come back
online in theory we'll see and and
that's gonna come back as more well I'm
not gonna tell you it's gonna be
surprised but that channel will be
coming back online this started Wow I
mean everybody knows that by now this me
coming out so to speak as southern and
letting people know that this is where
I'm from and this is how I am it started
as a joke that's why it was on a
separate channel
oh yeah the joke definitely was on me
like it was it it was very much a
surprise it was supposed to be you know
a gag for my core readers and then but I
mean I'll be honest I'm much happier now
doing this you know so where am i from
I grew up on the Tennessee Kentucky why
and then lived all over the south
I have not seen a shot of the dead
parody yet I'm gonna have to look for
that do you think that we should
sanitize our currency I mean yeah I mean
well you know take all the precautions
that you can right now that's I say
sometimes
I enjoyed them rap article yeah
that's one of mine that one went big
yeah that was one that Infowars actually
picked up and put on here there their
website it's like oh man take that down
please
I think there will be a ban on a firearm
Oh
there already is in some areas I think
that they're they're already shutting
that down I don't I don't know that it's
gonna matter to be honest I think that
we're we're going to end up staying at
home a lot and then that should remove
the concern that people have if
everybody follows it I want to join a
folk punk band I don't have time for any
more projects I barely have time for the
projects I have
right I'm saying right question you
didn't want to start a folk band anyway
guys I don't think there's going to be a
military lock no man that questions
coming up well hopefully that will make
people stay home for it to get to that
point people have got to be active
really distant I mean otherwise I don't
I don't see that being enacted and less
people are being really really gone and
out doing very very dumb things
oops I did it again
do I think we'll ever know the true
number of tip now I don't think we'll
ever know the true that's right outside
get in the tent
Thank You uncle duck
yeah it is a dry confident had a couple
days is there any reason to believe that
China is under reporting their numbers
now I don't think so
I don't I don't see the benefit to them
probably so I think that the numbers
were getting from them are probably
gonna be pretty accurate so and I think
they also understand that the rest of
the world is kind of counting on their
numbers to gauge everything by and you
know I I don't think that they would
they would lead the entire world astray
what's my palm my under if I can't write
it out probably still keep doing what
I'm doing you know it is what it is you
know if it's gonna happen that's one of
those things that people need to be
prepared for if the numbers hit the high
end and things go really bad there there
will be people that you know there's
nothing you can do about it you can't
you can't freak out over it because
especially don't to do that because you
know stressful lower your immune system
I dunno I think we're getting the real
numbers from Russia mobile hospitals
from what I understand there's actually
one being set up in Washington now
they're gonna there they're gonna happen
and again
you know right now we're kind of heading
into those the more difficult scenarios
I mean a lot of this is going to happen
and we should probably get ready for it
psychologically you know realistically
if those numbers hold hold true one
person in this chat will make it that
that's where we're at so but we can't
allow that to you know completely govern
us we can't allow that to destroy who we
are we can't let the fear get that
strong
Clippers will Megan have already comment
yeah thanks
let's see start taking calls
all right so I'm going to take a little
bit of a break I'm probably going to one
person in the chat it could be you
don'tdon't no the idea is not to have
any fear from that just it is what it is
guys okay so I'm gonna take a quick
break we're probably going to do one of
the live streams for a movie later I
haven't really decided what movie so
y'all can throw in your suggestions real
quick for the record boat could have
allergies or I could be somebody who
smokes like two packs a day it could be
that Shaun of the Dead I guess it's not
on Netflix so I got off try to find
something on that flicks and
Thank You Josh and we'll go from there
okay so most people who look for
something fun alright well I guess I
will see you guys in a little bit y'all
have a good and I try to say try to stay
calm something hopeful for the future I
like that too all right I'll talk to
y'all later